1. In the most concise way possible, answer this question, what is 42? How would you describe 42 to someone who doesn’t know what 42 is?

42 is a free software engineering school focused on P2P code workshop studio school.

2. Why are there no instructions on the initial 42 logic tests?

Because they try to simulate a real situation where is no instruction and you need to do it by yourself and turn on your brains. You don't need to think if you have instructions just follow step by step.

3. What are the core 42 principles?

The core principles of 42 that everyone can try themselves in a coding and decide are they really need it. And you don't need to pay thousands dollars for understanding is a coding are yours or not.

4. If somebody is thinking of going to 42, but has no coding experience - do you really think it’s worth their time?

Ofcourse Yes. Everyone who interesting in a coding should try it. In 42 school you can easily understand it in 26 days so it's a short time period rather than go to college and spend 4 years of your life. If you never try it you will be never know is that yours or not.

5. What makes 42 unique?

There are one main thing that are make 42 unique. That there are no teachers. You learning by yourself. All the resources you need to learn as a programmer are on the internet, and you are surrounded by likeminded individuals trying to learn the same concepts, so you can bounce ideas around and problem solve with the help of others.  

42 is unique for its absence of teachers, tuition, and certifications. Stronger cadet involvement makes for a more active student community.

6. What do you think you’re learning the most at 42?

I am learning how to learn about different technology topics, techniques, associations, and critiques. Some tasks are tedious, while others reward creativity.

7. Imagine (this will happen very soon in real life!), you’ve been stuck on the problem for a while and have no idea what to do - what your next steps would be?

I should ask for hints or pointers to information or techniques that will make me unstuck.

8. How will you ensure that your personal level of motivation remains high on a daily basis to complete at least 1 level per month without the Piscine pressure and strict deadlines?

I plan to work every day and to seek open prospective goals among cadets. I think the fundamental connections in everything will make the work progressive.

9. If someone asks you why it says internships are required on the 42 website, but they do not offer job placement, what would you say?

Internship discovery is meant to teach us about real-world networking and opportunities.

10. How do the internships work? Is it mandatory that you have to reach a certain level before leaving on an internship or can you validate it anytime you find one?

We must achieve certain levels so that the internship experience is most appropriate, much like the beginner and intermediate exams.

11. How does 42 help you adapt to a work place?

42 offers practical mastery and interpersonal experience to be effective on the job.